Trust Login (Apps) (#5054)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/trust-login.md

---
id: trust-login
title: Trust Login
sidebar_label: Trust Login
description: The Trust Login app for Sumo Logic provides security analysts with an overview of the authentication events, user activities, and potential security threats.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/trust-login-icon.png')} alt="Trust-Login-icon" width="50" />

> The Sumo Logic app for Trust Login assists security analysts in monitoring authentication events, user activities, and potential security threats. It tracks login attempts, account changes, and policy updates in real-time to detect anomalies. The Trust Login dashboard offers insights into event breakdowns, trends, and time-based comparisons for faster incident response and investigations. The geo-location metrics identify login attempts from high-risk regions, improving threat detection, and the alert mechanism highlights unusual activities, like suspicious logins and geo-location events, enabling proactive threat mitigation. By centralizing security insights, the app improves visibility, streamlines investigations, and strengthens security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sumo Logic app for Trust Login helps security analysts monitor authentication events, user activities, and potential security threats. It tracks login attempts, account changes, and policy updates in real time to detect anomalies. The Trust Login dashboard provides insights into event breakdowns, trends, and time-based comparisons, facilitating faster incident response and investigations. Additionally, the geo-location metrics identify login attempts from high-risk regions, enhancing threat detection. The alert mechanism highlights unusual activities, such as suspicious logins and geo-location events, enabling proactive threat mitigation. By centralizing security insights, the app improves visibility, streamlines investigations, and strengthens overall security.
```

<AppCollectionOPtion1/>

### Use an existing collector and install the app

import AppCollectionOPtion2 from '../../reuse/apps/app-collection-option-2.md';

<AppCollectionOPtion2/>

### Use an existing source and install the app

import AppCollectionOPtion3 from '../../reuse/apps/app-collection-option-3.md';

<AppCollectionOPtion3/>

## Viewing the Trust Login dashboards​​

import ViewDashboards from '../../reuse/apps/view-dashboards.md';

<ViewDashboards/>

### Events Overview

The **Trust Login - Events Overview** dashboard provides a snapshot of the authentication events, user activities, and system changes. It includes visuals like event breakdowns, trends, and geo-location monitoring to detect suspicious behavior in your organization.<br/><img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Trust+Login/Trust+Login+-+Events+Overview.png' alt="Trust-Login-Events-Overview" />

## Create monitors for the Trust Login app

import CreateMonitors from '../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';

<CreateMonitors/>

### Trust Login alerts

| Name | Description | Trigger Type (Critical / Warning / MissingData) | Alert Condition | 
|:--|:--|:--|:--|

> | `Unusual account status changes` | This alert is triggered when an unusual event is performed frequently. This alert helps detect potential security threats like account takeovers or insider threats. | Critical | Count > 3 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Unusual account status changes` | This alert is triggered when an unusual event is performed frequently. This alert helps you to detect potential security threats like account takeovers or insider threats. | Critical | Count > 3 |
```
